# PyNuSMV - community
PyNuSMV community is a tool developed to try to understand the community 
structure of SAT instances generated by a _bounded model checking_ (BMC) 
verification.

---
_Note:_ This project will be presented at PhD-ifm17 in Torino.
---

## Usage and help
To use this tool, you need to open a terminal and type in the `commu` command.
To get a help detailing the available options of the tool, type `commu --help`.

---
_Note:_ All the outputs produced by the tool will be generated (saved) in 
  sub-directories of the current folder. The structure of these directories
  should be straightforward and be orthogonal to the commands (options) you
  passed to the `commu` tool.
---

## Installation
Before getting started, please make sure `python3` version 3.5 or above is 
installed on your machine. Please ensure also that the appropriate version of
`pip` is installed on your machine.

---
_Note:_ This tool (and more generally, PyNuSMV) has *never* been tested on the
  Windows platform. It is therefore very probable that you encounter many some
  troubles if you try to use it on that platform. If that is an option for you,
  we do recommend you to use OSX since that's the OS that has been used to 
  develop PyNuSMV and this tool.
---

The installation process could hardly be simpler: it only necessitates that you
type the `pip3 install pynusmv-community` command in your shell. Everithing should
be automatic as of that moment.

### Alternative
If you don't want to use the version of `pynusmv-community` that we've packaged
for you, you might just as well rebuild it from the sources. Therefore, you 
should proceed as follows:

```
python3 setup.py sdist install
```

### Caveats
We've made our best to keep this tool self-contained and easy to use. However,
even though the libraries we've used to build the functionality of `pynusmv-community`
are widely accepted, they're not 100% perfect. This means that some of their
hiccups percolate through the use of our tool. For instance, using `commu` within
a virtual env. will make some of the functionalities of the tool fail. This is
ie a consequence of our use of `matplotlib` and `pyplot` as a backend for plotting
statistics. If using a virtual environment is mandatory for you, you might want
to apply the solution proposed here:

http://blog.rousek.name/2015/11/29/adventure-with-matplotlib-virtualenv-and-macosx/

